
# Content

Mengqian has attracted overwhelming boys after March 11. Mengqian claims that she preferred the boy with persistence. In order to choose her boy, she delegated the ACM team of UESTC to publish her puzzle.

The puzzle is called `Persistence of Number`, which consists of $32$ nonnegative integers, each $32$-digit long. Then she asked suitors to calculate the persistence of the product of the $32$ integers. The one who first solve this puzzle would win Mengqian’s heart.

The persistence of an integer denotes a digit generated by replace the integer by the sum of its digits until one reaches a single digit. For example, the persistence of $19890902$ is $2$, because $1 + 9 + 8 + 9 + 0 + 9 + 0 + 2 = 38$, $3 + 8 = 11$, $1 + 1 = 2$.

Wolverine is a crazy suitor of Mengqian with brilliant minds. He said he can solve this problem in ten minutes. Can you beat him?

# Standard Input

The first line of the input is an integer $T$ ($T\leq 311$), which stands for the number of test cases you need to solve. Each case consist of $32$ lines, each line denotes a $32$-digit long integer.

# Standard Output

For each case, print a digit on a single line, which is the persistence of the product of the $32$ integers.

# Samples

<style>
        table,table tr th, table tr td { border:1px solid #0094ff; }
        table { width: 200px; min-height: 25px; line-height: 25px; text-align: center; border-collapse: collapse;}   
    </style>
<table>
	<tr>
		<td>Input</td>
		<td>Output</td>
	</tr>
</table>


# Constraints



# Note



# Source


