
# Description

<div class="content"><div>A gambling machine consists of n generators of integers: G1, ..., Gn, where 1 &lt;= n &lt;= 1000. The gene</div>
<div>rator Gi can generate integers only from the certain set Si included in the interval {1,..., n}, or </div>
<div>0 which means that the game is over. The Si can be an empty set. Let ki be the number of elements of</div>
<div> the set Si. The sum of all the integers ki, for i = 1,..., n, cannot exceed 12000.While Gi is activ</div>
<div>ated for the first time it generates an integer from the set Si. The next activating ends up in gene</div>
<div>rating an integer from the set Si, which was not chosen before. If there is no such an integer, Gi g</div>
<div>enerates zero.The machine starts with activating G1. Then the generators are activated according to </div>
<div>the following rule :? In case when a generator generated a positive integer r, the next activated ge</div>
<div>nerator is Gr.? If zero is generated the machine stops.The machine looses if the generator Gn genera</div>
<div>tes zero and the rest of the generators had exhausted their sets of integers.The machine is well con</div>
<div>structed if it may generate a sequence of integers ending with zero, but not leading to a defeat (i.</div>
<div>e. a sequence shorter then 1 + ( the sum of integers ki for i = 1,...,n) ).</div>
<div>Task </div>
<div>Write a program that: </div>
<div>Reads from the text file HAZ.IN the description of the machine, i.e. the number of generators n, integers ki and sets Si, </div>
<div>Verifies, whether the machine described in the input file is well constructed, </div>
<div>if it is well constructed, writes a sequence of integers, which may be generated by the machine, is ended with zero, and does not lead to defeat, </div>
<div>if not, writes one word NIE (&#34;no&#34; in Polish) in the text file HAZ.OUT. </div>
<div>一台赌博机有n个发生器G1，G2，G3，…，Gn。Gi可以产生的自然数集合是Si（Si中只包括1到n的自然数，Si可以</div>
<div>是空集）。令ki表示Si中数的个数，则所有的ki的和不超过12000.一次活动时，Gi从Si中选择一个自然数现实。以</div>
<div>后Gi每次从Si中选择一个以前没有选择过的数显示。如果Si中所有的数都已选过，则它显示0。开始时从G1开始，</div>
<div>然后赌博机这样运行：如果当前发生器显示了一个数字r，则下一活动的发生器是Gr，如果显示的数是0，则机器停</div>
<div>止运作。如果Gn产生了0，并且所有的Si为空，那么机器失败。如果机器在停止时没有失败，那么它获胜</div></div>

# Input

<div class="content"><div>In the first line there is written one positive integer n &lt;= 1000. </div>
<div>This is the number of generators. </div>
<div>In the (i + 1)?st line (for i = 1,..., n) there is written an integer ki </div>
<div>followed by all the elements of the set Si (written in arbitrary order). </div>
<div>The integers in each line are separated by single spaces.</div></div>

# Output

<div class="content"><div>there should be written one word NIE (if the machine isn&#39;t well constructed) or </div>
<div>one line containing an appropriate finite series of integers separated by single spaces.</div></div>

# Sample Input

<div class="content"><span class="sampledata">For the input file HAZ1.IN:<br/>
2<br/>
2 1 2<br/>
1 2<br/>
For the input file HAZ2.IN:<br/>
2<br/>
1 2<br/>
0</span></div>

# Sample Output

<div class="content"><span class="sampledata">the correct answer is the output file HAZ1.OUT:<br/>
2 2 0<br/>
<br/>
the correct answer is the output file HAZ2.OUT:<br/>
NIE<br/>
</span></div>

# Hint

<div class="content"><p></p></div>

# Source

<div class="content"><p><a href="problemset.php?search="></a></p></div>

